[Music]
the word of the Lord also came to me
saying you shall not take a wife nor
shall you have sons or daughters in this
place for thus says the Lord concerning
the sons and daughters who are born in
this place and concerning their mothers
who bore them and their fathers who
begot them in this land they shall die
gruesome deaths they shall not be
lamented nor shall they be buried but
they shall be like refuse on the face of
the earth they shall be consumed by the
sword and by famine and their corpses
shall be meat for the birds of heaven
and for the beasts of the earth
for thus says the Lord do not enter the
house of mourning nor go to lament or
ramone them for I have taken away my
peace from this people says the Lord
loving-kindness and mercies both the
great and the small shall die in this
land they shall not be buried neither
shall men lament for them cut themselves
nor make themselves bald for them nor
shall men break bread and mourning for
them to comfort them for the dead nor
shall men give them the cup of
consolation to drink for their father or
their mother also you shall not go into
the house of feasting to sit with them
to eat and drink for thus says the Lord
of hosts the God of Israel behold I will
cause to cease from this place before
your eyes and in your days the voice of
mirth and the voice of gladness the
voice of the bridegroom and the voice of
the bride and it shall be when you show
this people all these words and they say
to you why has the lord pronounced all
this great disaster against us or what
is our iniquity or what is our sin that
we have committed against the Lord our
God
then you shall say to them because your
fathers have forsaken me says the Lord
they have walked after other gods and
observed them and worshipped them and
have forsaken me and not kept my law and
you have done worse than your father's
for behold each one follows the dictates
of his own evil heart so that no one
listens to me therefore I will cast you
out of this land into a land that you do
not know neither you nor your father's
and there you shall serve other gods day
and night where I will not show you
favor therefore behold the days are
coming that it shall no more be said the
Lord lives who brought up the children
of Israel from the land of Egypt but the
of Israel from the land of the north and
from all the lands where he had driven
them for I will bring them back into
their land which I gave to their fathers
behold I will send from any fisherman
says the Lord and they shall fish them
and afterward I will send for many
hunters and they shall hunt them from
every mountain and every Hill and out of
the holes of the rocks for my eyes are
on all their ways they are not hidden
from my face nor is their iniquity
hidden from my eyes
and first I will repay double for their
iniquity and their sin because they have
defiled my land they have filled my
inheritance with the caucuses of their
detestable and abominable idols Oh Lord
my strength and my fortress my refuge in
the day of affliction the Gentiles shall
come to you from the ends of the earth
and say surely our fathers have
inherited lies worthlessness and
unprofitable things will a man make gods
for himself which are not gods therefore
behold I will this once cause them to
know I will cause them to know my hand
and my might and they shall know that my
name is the Lord
[Music]